Strategy for organising jobs (#76)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/README.md

`kubectl get ingress ing`
Copy the address of the ingress `ing` and open it in a browser to display the Prow status on the dashboard.

## Development
[Configure Webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/prow/getting_started.md#add-the-webhook-to-github) to enable sending Events from a GitHub repository to Prow.
You can configure Prow by specifying the `plugins.yaml` and `config.yaml` files. 

To check if the `plugins.yaml` and `config.yaml` configuration files are correct, run the `check.sh` script.
In case of changes in the plugins configuration, use the `update-plugins.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.
In case of changes in the jobs configuration, use the `update-config.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.

### Strategy for organising jobs

The `test-infra` repository has defined configurations for the Prow cluster in the `prow` subdirectory. This directory has the following structure:

> - `cluster` directory, which contains all `yaml` files for `prow` cluster provisioning

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also use `Prow` instead of `` `prow` `` here?

Author: Done

- `jobs/{repository_name}` directory, which contains all files with jobs definitions
- `config.yaml` file, which contains Prow configuration without job definitions
- `plugins.yaml` file, which contains Prow plugins configuration

`jobs/{repository_name}` directories have subdirectories which represent each component and contain job definitions. Job definitions not connected to a particular component are defined directly under the `jobs/{repository_name}` directory.

This is a convention of naming job files:
- presubmitjobs -> `presubmit.yaml`
- postsubmitjobs -> `postsubmit.yaml`

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you describe here convention for job names?

Reviewer 3: For components (build jobs):
`prow/{repository}/{pathToComponent}  - prow/kyma/components/ui-api-layer`

For other jobs like integration, governance, etc.:
`prow/{repository}/{name}  - prow/kyma/integration`

Author: @michal-hudy almost, all jobs must be under `prow/jobs` directory, so right paths are:
`prow/jobs/{repository}/{pathToComponent}` - `kyma/components/ui-api-layer`

For other jobs like integration, governance, etc.:
`prow/jobs/{repository}/{name}` - `kyma/integration`

For example:
```
...
prow
|- cluster
| |- starter.yaml
|- jobs

> | |- kyma

Reviewer 2: I cannot find job config-updater for test-infra

Author: And why you expect one? The config-updater is just a plugin for Prow, and is configured in the plugins.yaml file.

| | |- components
| | | |- environments

> | | | | |- postsubmit.yaml

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if we really need separate postsubmit and presubmit yaml files - I do not expect that we will have a lot of jobs for one component, but if we have postsubmits and presubmits in the same file we can use yaml features such as extending objects to reduce boilerplate.

Author: Well, I agree we can merge those into single file, called for exaple jobs.yaml

Author: Done

In case of changes in the plugins configuration, use the `update-plugins.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.
In case of changes in the jobs configuration, use the `update-config.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.

### Strategy for organising jobs

The `test-infra` repository has defined configurations for the Prow cluster in the `prow` subdirectory. This directory has the following structure:
- `cluster` directory, which contains all `yaml` files for Prow cluster provisioning
- `jobs/{repository_name}` directory, which contains all files with jobs definitions
- `config.yaml` file, which contains Prow configuration without job definitions
- `plugins.yaml` file, which contains Prow plugins configuration

`jobs/{repository_name}` directories have subdirectories which represent each component and contain job definitions. Job definitions not connected to a particular component, like integration jobs, are defined directly under the `jobs/{repository_name}` directory.

For example:
```
...
prow
|- cluster
| |- starter.yaml
|- jobs
| |- kyma
| | |- components
| | | |- environments
| | | | |- jobs.yaml
| | |- integration.yaml
|- config.yaml
|- plugins.yaml
...
```

> ### Convention for naming jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convention of naming jobs
```

When you define jobs for Prow the `name` and `context` of the job should meet one of following patterns:
- `prow/{repository_name}/{component_name}/{job_name}` for components
- `prow/{repository_name}/{job_name}` for jobs not connected to a particular component

> In both cases `{job_name}` should reflect job responsibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases, `{job_name}` must reflect the job's responsibility.
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development
```

Reviewer: Please change into Development to be compliant with the guidelines:
https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/internal-guidelines/repository-template/template/README.md

[Configure Webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/prow/getting_started.md#add-the-webhook-to-github) to enable sending Events from a GitHub repository to Prow.
You can configure Prow by specifying the `plugins.yaml` and `config.yaml` files. 

To check if the `plugins.yaml` and `config.yaml` configuration files are correct, run the `check.sh` script.
In case of changes in the plugins configuration, use the `update-plugins.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.
In case of changes in the jobs configuration, use the `update-config.sh` to apply changes on a cluster.

### Strategy for organising jobs

> The test-infra repository have defined configurations for prow cluster in `prow` subdirectory. This directory have following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `test-infra` repository has defined configurations for the `prow` cluster in the `prow` subdirectory. This directory has the following structure:
```

> - directory `cluster` - contains all yaml files for prow cluster provisioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster` directory, which contains all `yaml` files for `prow` cluster provisioning
```

> - directory `jobs/<repository_name>` (eg. `jobs/kyma`, `jobs/console`) - contains all files with jobs definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jobs/{repository_name}` directory, which contains all files with jobs definitions
```

> - config.yaml - yaml file containing prow configuration (without job definitions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config.yaml` file, which contains Prow configuration without job definitions
```

> - plugins.yaml - yaml file containing prow plugins configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `plugins.yaml` file, which contains Prow plugins configuration
```

> Directories `jobs/<repository_name>` have subdirectories which represent each component and contain job definitions. Job definitions not connected to a particular component are defined directly under `jobs/<repository_name>` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jobs/{repository_name}` directories have subdirectories which represent each component and contain job definitions. Job definitions not connected to a particular component are defined directly under the `jobs/{repository_name}` directory.
```

> By convention we name job files as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a convention of naming job files:
```

- presubmitjobs -> `presubmit.yaml`
- postsubmitjobs -> `postsubmit.yaml`

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```
